# GL_AIML_Capstone_NLP
Greatlearning AIML Postgraduate Natural Language Processing (NLP) Capstone project July 2021. The project describe methods and approach for automating IT ticket assignments using latest algorithms in ML and NLP. 

The goal of IT organization within any company is to maintain IT infrastructures and provide technical support to employees, partners and customers. IT leverages the Incident Management process to achieve the above Objective. An incident is something that is an unplanned interruption to an IT service or reduction in the quality of an IT service that affects the Users and the Business. The main goal of the Incident Management process is to provide a quick fix / workarounds or solutions that  resolves the interruption and restores the service to its full capacity to ensure no business impact. 
Incident tickets / bugare are created by various Business and IT Users such as internal employees, customers and partners if they have access to ticketing systems, and from the integrated monitoring systems and tools. Tickets are also created in different languages based on IT users experience, convenience and expertise.
Assigning the incidents to the appropriate person or unit in the support team has critical importance to provide improved user satisfaction while ensuring better allocation of support resources. In many organizations the assignment of incidents to appropriate IT groups is still a manual process. The manual process is error prone, it adds to problem resolution time and often time users are not satisfied. 
 
